NAME                                            DISPLAY NAME                     DEFAULT CHANNEL
abinitio-runtime-operator                                                        release-4.3
accuknox-operator-certified                                                      stable
aci-containers-operator                                                          stable
aikit-operator                                                                   alpha
ako-operator                                                                     stable
alloy                                                                            alpha
amd-gpu-operator                                                                 alpha
anchore-engine                                                                   alpha
anzo-operator                                                                    stable
anzograph-operator                                                               stable
anzounstructured-operator                                                        stable
appdynamics-cloud-operator                                                       alpha
appdynamics-operator                                                             alpha
aqua-operator-certified                                                          2022.4
cass-operator                                                                    stable
ccm-node-agent-dcap-operator                                                     alpha
ccm-node-agent-operator                                                          alpha
cfm-operator                                                                     alpha
cilium                                                                           1.15
cilium-enterprise                                                                1.16
cloud-native-postgresql                                                          stable-v1.24
cloudbees-ci                                                                     alpha
cloudera-streams-messaging-kubernetes-operator                                   stable
cloudnative-pg                                  CloudNativePG                    stable-v1
cnfv-operator                                                                    alpha
cockroachdb-certified                                                            stable
confluent-for-kubernetes                                                         2.10
conjur-follower-operator                                                         stable
crunchy-postgres-operator                                                        v5
cte-k8s-operator                                                                 stable
datadog-operator-certified                                                       stable
datasance-pot-operator                                                           stable
dell-csm-operator-certified                     Dell Container Storage Modules   stable
digitalai-deploy-operator                                                        stable-v24.3
digitalai-release-operator                                                       stable-v24.3
dynatrace-operator                                                               alpha
eginnovations-operator                                                           beta
elasticsearch-eck-operator-certified                                             stable
falcon-operator                                                                  certified-1.0
federatorai-certified                                                            stable
fujitsu-enterprise-operator                                                      stable-13
fujitsu-enterprise-postgres-operator                                             stable
function-mesh                                                                    alpha
gitlab-operator-kubernetes                                                       stable
gpu-operator-certified                                                           v24.9
hazelcast-platform-operator                                                      alpha
hpe-ezmeral-csi-operator                                                         stable
ibm-application-gateway-operator                                                 stable
ibm-block-csi-operator                                                           stable
ibm-data-reporter-operator                                                       stable
ibm-metrics-operator                                                             stable
ibm-security-verify-access-operator                                              stable
ibm-security-verify-directory-operator                                           stable
ibm-security-verify-operator                                                     stable
ibm-storage-odf-operator                                                         stable-v1.6
infinibox-operator-certified                                                     stable
infoscale-dr-manager                                                             fast
infoscale-licensing-operator                                                     fast
infoscale-sds-operator                                                           fast
infrastructure-asset-orchestrator-certified                                      stable
instana-agent-operator                                                           stable
intel-device-plugins-operator                                                    alpha
intel-kubernetes-power-manager                                                   alpha
iomesh-operator                                                                  stable
joget-dx-operator                                                                alpha
joget-dx8-openshift-operator                                                     alpha
joget-dx8-operator                                                               alpha
k8s-triliovault                                                                  5.0.x
keysight-ati-updates                                                             alpha
keysight-kcos-framework                                                          alpha
keysight-kcos-ingress                                                            alpha
keysight-kcos-licensing                                                          alpha
keysight-kcos-sso                                                                alpha
keysight-keycloak-operator                                                       alpha
keysight-load-core                                                               alpha
keysight-loadcore-agents                                                         alpha
keysight-nats-operator                                                           alpha
keysight-nimbusmosaic-dusim                                                      alpha
keysight-rest-api-browser-v1                                                     alpha
keysight-wap-appsec                                                              alpha
keysight-wap-core                                                                alpha
keysight-wap-db                                                                  alpha
keysight-wap-diagnostics                                                         alpha
keysight-wap-logging                                                             alpha
keysight-wap-migration                                                           alpha
keysight-wap-msg-broker                                                          alpha
keysight-wap-notifications                                                       alpha
keysight-wap-stats-dashboards                                                    alpha
keysight-wap-storage                                                             alpha
keysight-wap-test-core                                                           alpha
keysight-wap-ui                                                                  alpha
keysight-websocket-service                                                       alpha
kong-gateway-operator                                                            alpha
kubearmor-operator-certified                                                     stable
kubecost-operator                                                                alpha
kubemq-operator-marketplace                                                      alpha
kubeturbo-certified                                                              stable
lenovo-locd-operator                                                             alpha
marketplace-games-operator                                                       alpha
memcached-operator-ogaye                                                         alpha
memory-machine-operator                                                          alpha
minio-aistor-operator                                                            stable
model-builder-for-vision-certified                                               stable
mongodb-atlas-kubernetes                                                         stable
mongodb-enterprise                                                               stable
netapp-spark-operator                                                            alpha
netscaler-adm-agent-operator                                                     stable
netscaler-operator                                                               stable
neuvector-certified-operator                                                     beta
nexus-repository-ha-operator-certified                                           stable
nginx-ingress-operator                                                           alpha
nutanixcsioperator                                                               stable-3.x
nxiq-operator-certified                                                          stable
nxrm-operator-certified                                                          stable
open-liberty-certified                                                           v1.4
openshiftartifactoryha-operator                                                  alpha
openshiftxray-operator                                                           alpha
operator-certification-operator                 Operator Certification Operator  alpha
ovms-operator                                                                    alpha
pachyderm-operator                                                               stable
pcc-operator                                                                     stable
percona-server-mongodb-operator-certified                                        stable
pmem-csi-operator-os                                                             stable
portworx-certified                                                               stable
prometurbo-certified                                                             stable
pubsubplus-eventbroker-operator                                                  stable
redis-enterprise-operator-cert                                                   production
runtime-component-operator-certified                                             v1.4
runtime-fabric-operator                                                          stable
sanstoragecsi-operator-bundle                                                    stable
scaleops-operator                                                                stable
silicom-sts-operator                                                             stable
smilecdr-operator                                                                alpha
sriov-fec                                                                        stable
stackable-commons-operator                                                       stable
stackable-zookeeper-operator                                                     stable
stackgres-certified                                                              candidate
t8c-certified                                                                    stable
t8c-tsc-client-certified                                                         stable
tawon-operator                                                                   alpha
tigera-operator                                                                  release-v1.32
timemachine-operator                                                             alpha
vault-secrets-operator                                                           stable
vcp-operator                                                                     stable
webotx-operator                                                                  stable
xcrypt-operator                                                                  alpha
zabbix-operator-certified                                                        lts

