NAME                                       DISPLAY NAME              DEFAULT CHANNEL
3scale-community-operator                                            threescale-2.13
ack-acm-controller                                                   alpha
ack-acmpca-controller                                                alpha
ack-apigateway-controller                                            alpha
ack-apigatewayv2-controller                                          alpha
ack-applicationautoscaling-controller                                alpha
ack-cloudfront-controller                                            alpha
ack-cloudtrail-controller                                            alpha
ack-cloudwatch-controller                                            alpha
ack-cloudwatchlogs-controller                                        alpha
ack-documentdb-controller                                            alpha
ack-dynamodb-controller                                              alpha
ack-ec2-controller                                                   alpha
ack-ecr-controller                                                   alpha
ack-ecs-controller                                                   alpha
ack-efs-controller                                                   alpha
ack-eks-controller                                                   alpha
ack-elasticache-controller                                           alpha
ack-elbv2-controller                                                 alpha
ack-emrcontainers-controller                                         alpha
ack-eventbridge-controller                                           alpha
ack-iam-controller                                                   alpha
ack-kafka-controller                                                 alpha
ack-keyspaces-controller                                             alpha
ack-kinesis-controller                                               alpha
ack-kms-controller                                                   alpha
ack-lambda-controller                                                alpha
ack-memorydb-controller                                              alpha
ack-mq-controller                                                    alpha
ack-networkfirewall-controller                                       alpha
ack-opensearchservice-controller                                     alpha
ack-organizations-controller                                         alpha
ack-pipes-controller                                                 alpha
ack-prometheusservice-controller                                     alpha
ack-rds-controller                                                   alpha
ack-recyclebin-controller                                            alpha
ack-route53-controller                                               alpha
ack-route53resolver-controller                                       alpha
ack-s3-controller                                                    alpha
ack-sagemaker-controller                                             alpha
ack-secretsmanager-controller                                        alpha
ack-sfn-controller                                                   alpha
ack-sns-controller                                                   alpha
ack-sqs-controller                                                   alpha
ack-ssm-controller                                                   alpha
ack-wafv2-controller                                                 alpha
aerospike-kubernetes-operator                                        stable
airflow-helm-operator                                                alpha
alvearie-imaging-ingestion                                           alpha
amd-gpu-operator                                                     alpha
analytics-operator                                                   alpha
annotationlab                                                        alpha
apicast-community-operator                                           stable
apicurio-registry                                                    2.x
apicurito                                                            latest
apimatic-kubernetes-operator                                         alpha
application-services-metering-operator                               alpha
aqua                                                                 2022.4.0
argocd-operator                                                      alpha
assisted-service-operator                                            alpha
authorino-operator                                                   stable
automotive-infra                                                     alpha
aws-efs-operator                                                     stable
awss3-operator-registry                                              alpha
azure-service-operator                                               stable
beegfs-csi-driver-operator                                           stable
bpfman-operator                                                      alpha
camel-k                                                              stable-v2
camel-karavan-operator                                               alpha
cass-operator-community                                              stable
cert-manager                                                         stable
cert-utils-operator                                                  alpha
cluster-aas-operator                                                 alpha
cluster-impairment-operator                                          beta
cluster-manager                                                      stable
cockroachdb                                                          stable-v6.x
codeflare-operator                                                   alpha
community-kubevirt-hyperconverged                                    stable
community-trivy-operator                                             stable
community-windows-machine-config-operator                            preview
customized-user-remediation                                          alpha
cxl-operator                                                         alpha
dapr-kubernetes-operator                                             alpha
datadog-operator                                                     stable
datatrucker-operator                                                 alpha
dbaas-operator                                                       stable
debezium-operator                                                    debezium-latest
dell-csm-operator                                                    stable
deployment-validation-operator                                       alpha
devopsinabox                                                         alpha
dns-operator                                                         stable
dynatrace-operator                                                   alpha
eclipse-amlen-operator                                               alpha
eclipse-che                                                          stable
ecr-secret-operator                                                  v0.4
edp-keycloak-operator                                                stable
eginnovations-operator                                               beta
egressip-ipam-operator                                               alpha
ember-csi-community-operator                                         beta
etcd                                                                 singlenamespace-alpha
eventing-kogito                                                      alpha
external-secrets-operator                                            alpha
falcon-operator                                                      alpha
fence-agents-remediation                                             stable
flink-kubernetes-operator                                            alpha
flux                                                                 stable
fossul-operator                                                      alpha
github-arc-operator                                                  alpha
gitlab-operator-kubernetes                                           stable
gitops-primer                                                        alpha
gitwebhook-operator                                                  alpha
global-load-balancer-operator                                        alpha
grafana-operator                                                     v5
group-sync-operator                                                  alpha
hawtio-operator                                                      stable-v1
hazelcast-platform-operator                                          alpha
hedvig-operator                                                      stable
hive-operator                                                        alpha
horreum-operator                                                     alpha
hyperfoil-bundle                                                     alpha
ibm-block-csi-operator-community                                     stable
ibm-security-verify-access-operator                                  stable
ibm-spectrum-scale-csi-operator                                      stable
ibmcloud-operator                                                    stable
infinispan                                                           stable
integrity-shield-operator                                            alpha-0.3.3
ipfs-operator                                                        alpha
istio-workspace-operator                                             alpha
jaeger                                                               stable
k8gb                                                                 alpha
kaoto-operator                                                       alpha
keda                                                                 alpha
keepalived-operator                                                  alpha
kepler-operator                                                      alpha
keycloak-operator                                                    fast
keycloak-permissions-operator                                        alpha
kiali                                      Kiali Community Operator  stable
klusterlet                                                           stable
kogito-operator                                                      1.x
koku-metrics-operator                                                beta
konveyor-operator                                                    beta
korrel8r                                                             stable
kuadrant-operator                                                    stable
kube-green                                                           alpha
kubecost                                                             alpha
kubernetes-imagepuller-operator                                      stable
kubeturbo                                                            stable
l5-operator                                                          alpha
layer7-operator                                                      preview-v1.1.0
lbconfig-operator                                                    beta
lib-bucket-provisioner                                               alpha
limitador-operator                                                   stable
logging-operator                                                     beta
loki-helm-operator                                                   alpha
loki-operator                                                        alpha
machine-deletion-remediation                                         stable
mariadb-operator                                                     alpha
marin3r                                                              stable
mercury-operator                                                     1.0.x
microcks                                                             stable
mongodb-atlas-kubernetes                                             stable
mongodb-operator                                                     alpha
move2kube-operator                                                   stable
multi-nic-cni-operator                                               stable
multicluster-global-hub-operator                                     release-2.12
multicluster-operators-subscription                                  release-2.5
must-gather-operator                                                 alpha
namespace-configuration-operator                                     alpha
ncn-operator                                                         betav1
ndmspc-operator                                                      alpha
netobserv-operator                                                   community
neuvector-community-operator                                         beta
nexus-operator                                                       alpha
nexus-operator-m88i                                                  alpha
nfs-provisioner-operator                                             alpha
nlp-server                                                           alpha
node-discovery-operator                                              alpha
node-healthcheck-operator                                            stable
node-maintenance-operator                                            stable
nsm-operator                                                         alpha
oadp-operator                                                        stable
observability-operator                                               stable
oci-ccm-operator                                                     alpha
ocm-operator                                                         alpha
odoo-operator                                                        alpha
opendatahub-operator                                                 fast
openebs                                                              alpha
openshift-nfd-operator                                               stable
openshift-node-upgrade-mutex-operator                                alpha
openshift-qiskit-operator                                            alpha
opentelemetry-operator                                               alpha
patch-operator                                                       alpha
patterns-operator                                                    fast
pcc-operator                                                         stable
pelorus-operator                                                     alpha
percona-server-mongodb-operator                                      stable
percona-xtradb-cluster-operator                                      stable
portworx-essentials                                                  stable
postgresql                                                           v5
proactive-node-scaling-operator                                      alpha
project-quay                                                         stable-3.13
prometheus                                                           beta
prometheus-exporter-operator                                         alpha
prometurbo                                                           stable
pubsubplus-eventbroker-operator                                      stable
pulp-operator                                                        beta
rabbitmq-cluster-operator                                            stable
rabbitmq-messaging-topology-operator                                 stable
redis-operator                                                       stable
reportportal-operator                                                alpha
resource-locker-operator                                             alpha
rhoas-operator                                                       beta
ripsaw                                                               alpha
sailoperator                                                         3.0-nightly
sap-commerce-operator                                                alpha
sap-data-intelligence-observer-operator                              stable
sap-hana-express-operator                                            stable
seldon-operator                                                      stable
self-node-remediation                                                stable
service-binding-operator                                             stable
shipwright-operator                        Shipwright Operator       alpha
sigstore-helm-operator                                               alpha
silicom-sts-operator                                                 alpha
skupper-operator                                                     stable
snapscheduler                                                        stable
snyk-operator                                                        stable
socmmd                                                               stable
sonar-operator                                                       alpha
sonataflow-operator                                                  alpha
sosivio                                                              stable
sosreport-operator                                                   alpha
spark-helm-operator                                                  alpha
special-resource-operator                                            alpha
stackgres-community                                                  stable
stolostron                                                           community-0.5
stolostron-engine                                                    community-0.5
strimzi-kafka-operator                                               stable
syndesis                                                             latest
t8c                                                                  stable
tagger                                                               alpha
tempo-operator                                                       alpha
tf-controller                                                        stable
tidb-operator                                                        stable
trident-operator                                                     stable
trustify-operator                                                    alpha
ucs-ci-solutions-operator                                            alpha
universal-crossplane                                                 stable
varnish-operator                                                     alpha
vault-config-operator                                                alpha
verticadb-operator                                                   v2-stable
volume-expander-operator                                             alpha
wandb-operator                                                       stable
windup-operator                                                      alpha
yaks                                                                 alpha
